1.Who deoloped python programming language
Ans-guido van rossum 

2.Which type does python programming support.
Ans-Dynamic Typed

3.Is python case sensative when dealing with identifiers?
Ans-Yes

4.what is the current extension of python file.
Ans- .py

5.Is python code compiled or interpreted?
Ans-Interpreted

6.Name a few block of code used to define to python programming?
Ans-Function

7.state a character used to single line comment in python?
Ans- #

8.Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are working on?
Ans- sys.version()

9.Python supports the creation of anonymous function at runtime ,using construct callled?
Ans- Lambda function

10.what does pip stand for ?
Ans- pip stand for PIP is a recursive acronym for “Preferred Installer Program” or PIP Installs Packages. It is a command-line utility that installs, reinstalls, or uninstalls PyPI packages with one simple command: pip.

11.Mention few built in function in python?
Ans- print(),len(),str(),int(),list(),dict(),set(),flote(),all() etc.

12.What is the maximum posiible length of an identifier in python?
Ans-Python identifiers are unlimited in length" but as per PEP-8 you should limit identifier to a maximum of 79 character for better readability but there is no restriction.

13. What is benifits of python?
Ans--Easy to Code, Easy to read, Free and Open-Source,Robust Standard Library,Object-Oriented and Procedure-Oriented,Interpreted language etc.


14.How is memory managed in python?
Ans-- Memory management in Python involves a private heap containing all Python objects and data structures. The management of this private heap is ensured internally by the Python memory manager. 

15.how to install python in windows and set path variable
Ans- To install python -- 
Step 1 − Select Version of Python to Install
Step 2 − Download Python Executable Installer
Step 3 − Run Executable Installer
Step 4 − Verify Python is installed on Windows
Step 5 − Verify Pip was installed
We have successfully installed python and pip on our Windows system.

The complete path of python.exe can be added by-->

Right-clicking This PC and going to Properties.

Clicking on the Advanced system settings in the menu on the left.

Clicking on the Environment Variables button o​n the bottom right.

In the System variables section, selecting the Path variable and clicking on Edit. The next screen will show all the directories that are currently a part of the PATH variable.

Clicking on New and entering Python’s install directory.

16.is indentation required in python?
Ans- Indentation is mandatory in python to define the blocks of statements. It is preferred to use whitespaces instead of tabs to indent in python